
These are the steps to complete for making a new release.

1. Ensure that the previous release had a tag pushed. If
   not create one at the prior release point and push it
   to the repos.
   git push <remote> tag <tag-name>

2. Update the ChangeLog using release/git2changelog.pl Release-5.2.x..HEAD >1

3. Edit 1 into ChangeLog ensuring to mark the previous release
   Version number prior to adding the new ChangeLog output.

4. Edit the ReleaseNotes. Be sure not to change anything in the
   prior version (typos are OK).  This sometimes means duplicating
   text, but it is far better to have a complete history.
   Terminate the previous release with a line of all =====,
   and ensure that the previous release version is properly
   defined.  Then add the new release section.  Point out
   the need to review prior releases if changing major versions.

5. Update the version and date.

6. Update the po files (cd po; make update-po).  Correct any
   problems and re-run until correct.

7. Update the docs. Make sure they have the correct date, and
   that the new docs are uploaded to bacula.org

8. Make sure everything is pushed including the docs.

9. Diff the prior version against the current one:
    git diff Release-5.2.1..HEAD >diff (where 5.2.1 is the prior)
   and check for debug messages that have level zero, new text
   in non-debug messages that is not setup for translation.

10. Run a full regression test (./nightly-all) on as many
   platforms as possible.

11. Check the CDash Bacula output pages to make sure there are
    no overlooked problems.

12. Cut the release (i.e. make the .tar.gz files) by copying
   the release directory out of the build tree, ensuring that
   your config file is properly set, and that your signing
   key is properly setup, and running the ./makeall script.

13. Ensure that the Windows builds were done properly.

14. detar the main bacula source release

15. Run a regression on the detared file (ensures that all files
    are actually in the tar and that it is not corrupt).

16. push the tags (once pushed they can be corrected but it is more
    complicated than simply re-running the ./makeall script)
    ./pushtags   which does in all repos

     git push <remote> tag <tag-name>

17. Upload the release files to Source Forge.

18. Update the release version and date on the main bacula.org page

19. Update the news item to announce the release.

20. Send the release announcement to the users, devel, and announce 
    mailing lists.

21. Update the link to the release version in the "Current Release" 
    in the menu (inc/header.php).
